Welcome back.
In this section, we're going to be going
over how to configure ADB to be done
wirelessly or via wi-fi.
Now, the Dragonboard 410C has its OTG port
and the USB ports mutually exclusive.
In other words,
if you have the OTG plugged in,
you can't use your USB devices.
So let's say you're making an android
application and you try and upload
it to your board, but you need to interact
with it with your mouse or keyboard.
Turns out you can't,
because the serial device is actually
getting in the way of that, and that's
just the way that dragon ware is designed.
So it's going to be a really pain in
the butt to kind of like keep un-plugging,
re-plugging, and especially because
if you want to interact with it
you won't be able to get
into the log messages.
>> And so to work around that we're
going to show you how to connect
your Dragon Board to your
local host over wi-fi.
So lets dive right into the screen.
>> So first things first, make sure
that you have a serial connection
via the USB and OTG,
just a standard USB cable.
>> And first we are currently
in our platform tools directory,
which is where our ADB is located, and
so first you want to run ADB as root.
So we're gonna run that.
And we are already running as root.
Next you want to re-mount your board.
>> You're gonna start
overwriting some files in it so
you'll need to be able
to have access to that.
>> And next what you want to do is you
want to run this specific command so
that you're able to open up a port for
the host to the Dragon Board.
So it's ./adb shell and
we're gonna issue the command,
echo service.adb.tcp.port=5555,
and we're gonna append that to a specific
file in your Dragon Board
located at /data and
called local.prop.
>> And just remember guys that if you guys
don't know already, a port is essentially
a way that your device or computer is able
to communicate with the outside world, so
by opening up this port we are allowing
the Dragon Board to communicate via that
port to other computers.
>> So we're going to go ahead and
issue the command.
And after that command,
we need to call CH mod on that file,
so we do ./adb shell chmod
0644 /data/local.prop.
>> At this point in time you're gonna
need to restart your Dragon Board so
that it can actually read the file and
configure the ports accordingly.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
do that via the command line.
>> However in our case we already had
it configured to have the port open so
we don't need to reboot
at this moment in time.
>> But
if you did want to you want to call ./adb
reboot
>> Perfect.
>> So
now what you're gonna need to do is you're
gonna need access to your Dragon Board.
So what we're gonna do first is
disable this connection, and
as you can see on the screen,
what we need for
our host to connect to
the Dragon Board is the IP address.
>> So make sure that you have
a Dragon Board connected to your internet.
This will not work if you do not
have internet on your Dragon Board.
So let's go ahead and go to our settings.
>> So, as you can see here, we
are already connected to UCSD-protected.
We're going to do a long hold and
click modify network, and
that will show us the IP address.
What we're going to do is to
check if your computer is able to
contact the Dragon Board, you're going
to issue this command in the screen.
You're going to ping the IP address, so
for us that would be that IP address.
And as you can see we are receiving and
able to communicate with it.
We can end that command.
And that's just to notify you that
you're able to make the connection.
Now, if you want to be able to connect to
your Dragon Board via wirelessly, right?
You would do ./ADB connect,
and enter in the IP address,
137.130.04.120.
And you want to add a colon with
the port number which is 5555.
Enter.
And this should show you
that it's connected.
Now to test your device we will
run the command dot/adb devices,
and as you can see we
are connected to the Dragon Board.
>> That's really cool, so
I'm not a firm believer yet.
Can you go into the shell and
see if you can actually play around in it?
>> Sure.
./adb shell.
>> Wow.
>> We're there.
>> So now we're able to communicate
via WiFi to the DragonBoard.
That's really cool.
Now, note that the commands
that we just issued,
you do not need to do every single time.
The beginning commands with the adb root
all the way to appending that one file and
ch modding it you only need to do
that one time and just reboot.
Now because it's saved inside that file,
on every single subsequent reboot it
will automatically open up port 5555 for
us or any other port that you choose.
So all we need to do is just
figure out the IP address and
just issue that adb connect and
then we're done.
And what's even cooler is that
Android Studio will automatically
see that in our device list.
>> Yeah.
And with that,
in the next section we'll give you a brief
rundown on what we learned with adb.
So we'll see you then.